You already ate a true coronation but
I 'm not talking about any crossan I
I mean that good gold and
crunchy on the outside and that
mouth
so today I'll show you all
secrets of the famous croca process
nokia
come on I'm here with Mazzaropi that is
responsible for the production of cylinders
Heart how long you are here
kill off more or less 19 years 19
years and tell us the
differential from the next ofner to the floor
before the offer is well differentiated
because it is worked over a handle
he has mothers is a mass
developed so that you have a
idea takes three days to make a
The mass is then made with love.
so it has a hollow name
and this beautiful mass you see
is prepared with natural fermentation
developed here by Ofner
now that it goes away in the dough to
then receive the filling
Hey
the base of this mass is prepared with
flour and butter
so we're going to start that one now.
process that goes mass and butter mass
butter to leave this dough well
puff
this rate is already good because it is super
Smell already makes you want to put your hand
in the mass
but here in this step to finish the
process of perusing it will do
those works and then will still lead to the
refrigerator to rest for 24 hours
this beautiful mass with natural fermentation
already rested for 24 hours to get out
We give continuity to the process is a
kitchen somewhat laborious but the
result is delicious
the boss was explaining that because of this
to arrive at this stage that we
Can you see she's already puffed?
she has a three-day trial
to say she stayed inside the fridge to
fourth stage we went through because
so she was firm trying slowly
to be well crumbled on the outside
and cuts into the mouth
now he's going to mine the dough for
arrive at the correct thickness stay soft
crispy and rolling
that was acting well the mass she
is very relaxed and at the moment that he
cut her not she's not coming back with
the place
it is in the right format
before they forced with that computer
It's good that we have a
thing that facilitates this process,
I asked to put my hand in the dough and he
just said that if I make a mistake, I'll go
eat group a
as it now has to be
It's no use putting put
hand in the mass, right?
So, come on, the first one and there, girl.
do it like this
Only then is it justified once it is so
There you go first, you smell.
to tell
look where I'm going to eat turkey
here it comes here
Do you want to know the people I can not?
eat raw nine turns
he's putting Croats ans straight
in shape and now this mass is still going
rest for another four hours after
beautifully failure to get golden brown
saturn 22 minutes at 140 degrees
I do not know how to pay a visit to
okay factory and do not stay here ok
taking mouth water before a
chocolate mousse pie looks only the
Good smell, but the 22
minutes and now with the result people
it's hot
This little golden baby can already eat
now it's ready and cold
she is already putting in the packaging that
comes with six units that goes straight to
store
the smell here is always so 24 or so
hours in 24 hours thank you very much
by basij that will give a little more round
questions
And as usual, I'm going to pretend
hot chocolate and to accompany
that aortic arch liked comments here
I was not as excited as I was.
with this visit by the factory of off to
here thinking about several recent
nor tasteful that I can prepare with
this crust is negative in the next
three videos where I will present scenes
of mouthwatering expect in a
kiss and until the next champions
nobody